=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

Math::GComplex - Generic complex number library.

=head1 VERSION

Version 0.01

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Math::GComplex provides a generic interface to complex number operations, accepting any type of number in its containers, including numerical objects provided by other mathematical libraries, such as L<Math::AnyNum>.

    use 5.010;
    use Math::GComplex;
    use Math::AnyNum qw(:overload);

    my $x = Math::GComplex->new(3, 4);
    my $y = Math::GComplex->new(7, 5);

    say $x + $y;        #=> (10 9)
    say $x - $y;        #=> (-4 -1)
    say $x * $y;        #=> (1 43)
    say $x / $y;        #=> (41/74 13/74)

=head1 EXPORT

None, yet.

=head1 SUBROUTINES/METHODS

This section describes the functions and methods provided by this module.

=head2 add

    $x + $y

Addition of C<$x> and C<$y>.

=head2 sub

    $x - $y

Subtraction of C<$y> from C<$x>.

=head2 mul

    $x * $y

Multiplication of C<$x> and C<$y>.

=head2 div

    $x / $y

Division of C<$x> by C<$y>.

=head2 conj

    $x->conj

Complex conjugate of C<$x>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Daniel "Trizen" Șuteu, C<< <trizen at protonmail.com> >>

=head1 BUGS

Please report any bugs or feature requests at L<https://github.com/trizen/Math-GComplex/issues>.
I will be notified, and then you'll automatically be notified of progress on your bug as I make changes.

=head1 SUPPORT

You can find documentation for this module with the perldoc command.

    perldoc Math::GComplex

You can also look for information at:

=over 4

=item * Github

L<https://github.com/trizen/Math-GComplex>

=item * AnnoCPAN: Annotated CPAN documentation

L<http://annocpan.org/dist/Math-GComplex>

=item * CPAN Ratings

L<http://cpanratings.perl.org/d/Math-GComplex>

=item * Search CPAN

L<http://search.cpan.org/dist/Math-GComplex/>

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over 4

=item * Other math libraries

L<Math::AnyNum> - Arbitrary size precision for integers, rationals, floating-points and complex numbers.

L<Math::GMP> - High speed arbitrary size integer math.

L<Math::GMPz> - perl interface to the GMP library's integer (mpz) functions.

L<Math::GMPq> - perl interface to the GMP library's rational (mpq) functions.

L<Math::MPFR> - perl interface to the MPFR (floating point) library.

L<Math::MPC> - perl interface to the MPC (multi precision complex) library.

L<Math::Complex> - complex numbers and associated mathematical functions.

=back

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2017 Daniel "Trizen" Șuteu.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the the Artistic License (2.0). You may obtain a
copy of the full license at:

L<http://www.perlfoundation.org/artistic_license_2_0>

Any use, modification, and distribution of the Standard or Modified
Versions is governed by this Artistic License. By using, modifying or
distributing the Package, you accept this license. Do not use, modify,
or distribute the Package, if you do not accept this license.

If your Modified Version has been derived from a Modified Version made
by someone other than you, you are nevertheless required to ensure that
your Modified Version complies with the requirements of this license.

This license does not grant you the right to use any trademark, service
mark, tradename, or logo of the Copyright Holder.

This license includes the non-exclusive, worldwide, free-of-charge
patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import and
otherwise transfer the Package with respect to any patent claims
licensable by the Copyright Holder that are necessarily infringed by the
Package. If you institute patent litigation (including a cross-claim or
counterclaim) against any party alleging that the Package constitutes
direct or contributory patent infringement, then this Artistic License
to you shall terminate on the date that such litigation is filed.

Disclaimer of Warranty: THE PACKAGE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER
AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES.
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT ARE DISCLAIMED TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY
YOUR LOCAL LAW. UNLESS REQUIRED BY LAW, NO COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR
CONTRIBUTOR WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THE PACKAGE,
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


=cut
